Add info for fetch url and extend /ready endpoint for persistent batch worker (#252)
speechmatics/docs: docs/deployments/container/batch-persistent-worker.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Fetching audio from a URL

> Instead of uploading the audio file directly, you can have the worker fetch it from a remote URL by adding a `fetch_data` section to the job config. See [Fetch URL](/speech-to-text/batch/input#fetch-url) for the full configuration reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as uploading audio files directly, you can have the worker fetch them from a remote URL by adding a `fetch_data` section to the job config. You can find an example of this below. The full config options are documented [here](/speech-to-text/batch/input#fetch-url).
```
